Deprecate operator dispatch in `Var` (#192)
Quantco/spox: CHANGELOG.rst

- Value propagation of string tensors no longer raises an erroneous ``ValueError`` in some instances.

> **Pending breaking changes**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Deprecation**
```

> - Usage of ``operator_overloading`` now triggers a ``DeprecationWarning``. This API is scheduled for removal in Spox ``0.14.0``. Consider using ``ndonnx`` as an alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Importing :func:`spox._future.operator_overloading`` now triggers a ``DeprecationWarning``. The function will be removed in a future release. Consider using ``ndonnx`` as an alternative.
```
